hey everybody
so I'm Chris Lacroix I manage the
engineering group that does the
QuickTime streaming server and the
Darwins streaming server at Apple and
some of the things we're going to talk
about today are we're gonna go through
I'm gonna have some of the engineers
come out and show you some of the
different ways that you can modify and
extend the server using the server
module API let's use an API that we've
built into this River it allows you to
build modules that actually add
functionality to the server we've added
a new protocol in streaming server 3
that allows you to using stray HTTP
requests make request to get and set
values out of the server of an engineer
talk about that and we've added a new
web-based admin which is also extensible
and we'll talk about that with a third
engineer so let me briefly tell you
what's going on with QuickTime streaming
server we just released this week
quicktime streaming server 300 fail
available now you can download it for
the web to install on Mac OS 10 it's
also included as a standard service in
Mac OS 10 server which was also just
released this week and all of the darwin
versions of the server are available for
download as well 3o versions of those of
those servers and there's also a tarball
of the source code that's downloadable
as well as the CVS repository posite ori
being fully up to date
ok so Steve s3 is going to come out and
talk to you a little bit about how to
write modules I'm using the module API
Steve
good morning everyone
this hon yes it is as Chris said my part
of the talk is going to be on how you
extend quicktime streaming server with
the module api's and more specifically
I'm going to talk about following areas
first thing I'm talk about is the module
architecture kind of a real high-level
overview of what the module architecture
is I'm going to talk very briefly about
what's new in the API for qts 3.0 and
I'm going to walk you through a very
simple source code example of what a
module extension would look like and
then I'm going to give you a really
brief demo of that module so I should
warn you before I move on that there's a
lot of material here and I'm going to
cover it very very quickly if you would
like more detail the place to look is to
download our source code and look at the
top level you'll find a documentation
folder and inside that documentation
folder you'll find a streaming server
modules documentation files a PDF file
of between 300 and 400 pages I believe
so there's a lot of detailed information
in that if you're more in if you're
interested in this so let me talk a
little about the module architecture for
those of you who are familiar with the
Apache web server our module
architecture is very loosely modeled on
that architecture the concepts are the
same but the details are different in
other words it's the implementation is
completely different but but the overall
concepts are the same there are two
types of modules static and dynamic a
static module is compiled in with the
with the streaming server source code
itself so when you build the server you
have to compile in a static module a
dynamic module on the other hand is an
external code fragment or shared library
that's placed in a streaming server
modules folder that is identified as one
of the preferences in
streaming server preferences file so
once the server starts it will detect
modules in that modules folder and load
them and from that point on they behave
exactly the same as the static module
would so ap the API is implemented as
what we come in what we call module
roles and what module roles are their
callbacks with the welding that when the
server's in a well defined State and
they're your passed and environment
through a parameter block that's defined
for every role and each role has a
specific parameter block format to show
you how powerful this this feature of
the server is all of the features of
QuickTime streaming server all of the
ones that are interests I should say are
implemented as modules within the server
itself so I'm going to bring up a
diagram that's meant to be illustrative
of a kind of overall architecture of the
module itself of the modules
architecture itself the topmost box
you'll see what's called it the
QuickTime streaming server module itself
and that's the main module that handles
all roles in the absence of any other
module to handle that role and most of
those role handling girls in that module
are do-nothing roles in other words they
just return no error and do nothing
immediately below that in the six boxes
below that are not actually modules but
those are collections of cross-platform
C++ code that you can call and use
within your module there's all sorts of
things in there that are platform
independent ways of doing networking of
threading of new texting all sorts of
things that you would need in fact on
the only right side of the upper right
side of that you'll see something called
QT file that's of interest because
that's the code that knows how to parse
a quick time the QuickTime file itself
and take it apart in and see what's in
it in all the green area down below
those are typical static modules that
are compiled in with the streaming
server itself
and I'm not going to describe all of
them but I'll pick out a few just kind
of at random here and talk about them
QT SS access what that module does it
handles all the authentication for the
server let's pick another one the QT SS
reflector module is interesting it's one
of the more complex modules in the
server and it what it does is it takes a
broadcast stream from an external
broadcaster of some sort and replicates
that stream out to multiple clients so
let me pick one more QT SS admin module
what that one does is it handles our
web-based admin protocol which you will
hear John file in the following
discussion after me describe in detail
and I should also mention that many of
the C++ classes up above are based on
something we call QTEs objects and are
actually registered in a dictionary
structure within the server itself so
you can actually access them through the
web admin and change and set parameters
within those classes dynamically down to
very bottom of the diagram you'll see
two blocks in lavender those are meant
to be illustrative of modules that
somebody else wrote that perhaps you
that are loaded at the time the server
starts up to provide some kind of new
functionality that's not available in
the core server so let's move on and
talk about module roles okay so the very
first role you'll see on the list is the
register role that's the one that your
module will be called in no matter what
that's the one role that's always called
within a module and it's only purpose is
to say what other roles your module
supports so that callback is called
immediately after the server starts and
your module is loaded in memory and it
registered it your your module should be
responsible for saying what other roles
it supports the next one on the list
initialized and shutdown role those are
useful if you need to allocate global
data or allocate memory or set up global
data if you do set up global dave data
you'll probably want to remember that
the server is multi-threaded and your
your global data can be called in
multi-threaded contexts so if it's
critical path stuff be sure the mutex
protect it the next roll down is one
that's only of interest if your module
needs to read preferences
so that's your callback to say okay it's
time to reread the Preferences file
which is XML based and grab the
Preferences out of there and set some
data within my module based on those
preferences the error log roll is mostly
not of interest to most people but it
will be of interest to us today because
that's the one a very simple one I've
chosen to use in the demo because it's
really easy the only thing the error log
role does is any time the server
generates an error log message and to be
written to the log if your modules
registered for this role it's also
called back with a pointer to the error
message so you might use this say for
localizing error messages perhaps RTP
rolls RTP is the standards-based
protocol that's used to carry a stream
pipeline from the server to a client
it's a connectionless protocol meaning
that's like a Datagram or packet level
protocol and it's the primary transport
for sending a stream from the server to
the client so that's a very powerful way
to actually get into and look at the
stream or do something with it so if you
maybe wanted to do something like
server-side encryption of the stream
itself you could use that role so let's
continue on with the roles that I think
you'll find the most interesting and
that's the RTSP roles are TSP unlike RTP
is a connection-oriented protocol
protocol built on top of TCP and it is
very powerful and that it manages all of
the communication between the client and
the server and it's a responsible man
all the streams within that context so
most of the opportunities for doing
interesting things to the server lie
within the RTSP roles so I'm going to
take a very first one there the RTSP
filter role whenever the client starts a
session with the server it sends an RTSP
request in what we call an RTSP describe
function and that's very similar if
you're familiar with HTTP that's very
similar to an HTTP GET so within that
describes all sorts of parameters to
describe the session that the client
wants to see so what the filter role can
do is grab any of those parameters and
change them or modify them or augment
them so it's a powerful way you can use
to to augment what the clients asking
the server to do the next one the route
role someone yesterday asked me how
would i from a client I want to have my
students type in a URL and once it gets
to the server I want to look up that URL
in a database to substitute some other
URL so you could use the route role for
doing that that's primarily the kind of
things that's it suited for the
authorized role provide allows you a
chance to get in and do authentication
other than if you're not happy with the
way the streaming server does a
syndication you want to write your own
authentication level module that would
be the the role you would want to
register your module for and use RTSP
preprocessor role and is your last
chance to get into the stream and do
interesting things once the client
session is set up and all of the D
variables and internal things have been
set up to begin the stream itself that's
your last chance to do it so that lends
itself to interesting things like you
could perhaps do a redirect to another
server at that point as long it but if
you do do something like a redirection
you have to notify the client by sending
by answering replying to the request
yourself and in that case you will not
call the next role the request role
which I'll describe momentarily the
post-processor role is primarily
interesting if you wanted to do
something like gather statistics like
for logging the final role probably you
probably won't call because only one
module can call this role the RTSP
request role that's the one that
actually manages the real extremely
session between the client and the
server and that's going to be done for
you automatically by the main queue TSS
module so you probably will not want to
use that but it's there if you do want
to use it if you want to manage the
session yourself because you don't like
the way the server does it feel free to
write the code yourself okay here's some
new API that's in QuickTime streaming
server 3.0 so one of the things that we
were asked to do is provide callbacks
we're doing file i/o so anytime your
server reads a media file and now has
the opportunity if it's register for
these roles to be called back at
interesting times the very first one is
the Open File pre-process role that's
used to say yes I support this media
type or no I don't open this kind of
file type or no this I don't have file
permissions to open this file type so
you can do those kinds of things to say
yes or no I handle that file the open
and closed file roles are interesting if
you want to do something like instead of
opening a POSIX file you want to open a
media type from a database or in the
internet and when you run down on the
other side close the database connection
you can do it there the read and write
roles are read from the media file right
from the media file and the requested
hit file role are only if interest if
you want to do asynchronous i/o and you
can use that for being called back when
your reads are write complete so as I
said I was gonna show you a very simple
module and the module I'm going to show
you argument C error logging routine and
it's what it's going to do is instead of
in addition to writing to the error log
it's going to email an administrator the
error message and so I'm going to walk
you through the code real quick to do
that it's really short
the very first thing your module would
do would be have a main function and the
only thing every mod
must have a main function that's the
only entry point that your modules
called in every anywhere else it any
anything else goes through that that
function and the only thing it will in
turn do is call the dispatch function a
dispatch function is just a switch and
case statement switching on the roles
that you support and the other than the
register role the only one I'm showing
here is something called the error log
roll which I have written a routine
called handle error that is my own
routine within my module that's going to
do something interesting with that error
message and I'll show you that code in a
moment and below that you would see
other roles that I was registered for
such as initializer shutdown so in order
for those roles the net to be called in
that dispatch function you also have to
have a register roll and the register
roll as I said previously it's called
when your module loads it's a it tells
QuickTime streaming server what roles
your module supports as you see in this
slide I support initialize the shutdown
the error log rolls the only thing my
initializing shutdown roles do is I've
written a very simple SMTP class which I
won't show you it's kind of boring and
it initializes an SMTP class and then on
the other side when the server shutdowns
it it closes down the STP class the code
that I did write is the is the error is
the handle error role and and you saw
that in the dispatch slide on the
previous slide so in order for that
dispatch function to be called I have to
register that that I support the error
log roll and this is where I do it so
let's look at my really complicated
function for handling error messages
there it is the my send mail function is
just cost my little simple SMTP class to
send I grabbed from the parameter block
pointer that's pointed in to me the
string the error message string and I
send it on its way so now that we've
seen all this wonderful code let's see
how it works
so one of the things you would normally
do on to make this work would be you
would drat you would drag your module
into the modules folder and restart the
machine I didn't want to do that so I
just killed the server process which
runs all the time in the background
prior to this demo to make things a
little easier so I'm going to open my
demo folder here and here is the
compiled module I built and I have this
alias on the desktop to my streaming
server modules folder I'm going to drag
it in okay it's in place now my server
functionality is extended the next thing
I want to do is bring up the web-based
admin which my feeling will show you
that's the last talk so I won't go into
it but let me click on that so I'll
bring up the web-based admin it tells me
the server server is not running so I'm
going to click on start server now and
if all goes well I'll see the page that
tells of statistics that tells me the
server is up and running and there it is
so I'm gonna stall a little bit because
I'm waiting for my mail to be routed
from my SMTP host to to my pop server
but I'm going to bring up this really
nifty mail program from Mac os10 which I
really like I thought it was pretty cool
and you'll see suddenly I magically
appeared is it an error message from the
server so in addition to writing this
error log message to the server to the
error log and and I did something to
make this error occur I intentionally
made this error occur by not having a
quick time groups file in my in my
server configuration area and so now
you've seen me extend the capabilities
of server the core server without
actually touching the server code itself
and that concludes my demo so I'm going
to ask Chris to come back up
xD so I think the important thing to
kind of get from that demo is that it's
really simple to write these modules I
mean that that's obviously simpler than
most but what was it 15 lines of code
something like that - the male stuff we
won't talk about that
anyway we're gonna have John Marauder
come out and talk to you about the admin
protocol and the admin protocols
something new that we added to three oh
that allows you to administer the server
remotely through variety of means here's
John okay so one of the great new
features of the 3.0 server is the
ability to control and access
information in the server from a remote
or local application and we do this
through something called the admin
protocol I'll be covering that and
showing some examples
at the end of my talk this first diagram
is just a simple overview of where the
admin module which implements the
protocol sits inside of the server it's
as Steve was mentioning a built-in
static module it uses the QT SS API to
access the data in the server and turns
around and speaks to any of the
applications who are talking to it over
HTTP the data that the module has access
to is the same as for all modules and
that's information concerning the server
as in the server object there is a
client session object for every client
that's connected there's the preferences
for the server and a lot of other
objects that are all defined inside of
the QT SS API so the admin module can go
ahead and get set
delete or add data attributes and the
values for those attributes inside of
the server a application that's external
to the server can go ahead and have
access to that data on a par with any
other compiled
modules this diagram is an example of
the hierarchy that's new in 3.0 card to
this as a module you just received a set
of objects each time your module was
called what we've added is the ability
for an object to encapsulate another
object what this means is you can walk
starting from the server object all the
way down to the individual streams of
each of the clients that are connected
to the server so as an example we have
our server object down at the bottom of
the next square there's the client
sessions and then underneath that the
streams this is a example of the
protocol it's very straightforward when
we say HTTP it's that's what it is it's
just to get there's a URL which is made
possible by the hierarchy built into the
server the URL specifies an object and
its data and thanks for this example I'm
using a get of the server container
object and I'm passing in a wild card
giving back all of the attributes for
the server container and so this is just
a brief overview if you want to in depth
read on the protocol and the various
options available to you download the
source code there's a documentation
directory you'll find admin protocol
readme inside there and take a quick
look at that and now I'm going to show
you some examples of the protocol
working
okay so I've just created a simple web
page here with some predefined URLs
their urls are query individual queries
to the server
the first HTTP query is to the server
object and the command is get so I'm
just gonna click on this and I received
the response from the server through the
admin protocol and admin module it
starts out with the container it says
that I've asked for the server attribute
inside of the admin container and I have
a 0 error status code so this next query
is the same as the first except I'm
adding the attribute for the server
version that's contained inside of the
server object and once again it's a get
and you can see that I'm receiving back
the value for that attribute this once
again this attribute the name may look a
little odd to you but if you've seen the
QT SS API you'll recognize that is one
of the fields that inside of the server
object in this next URL there is a
asterisk wildcard which says take all
the attributes inside this object and
return them so we have a full list
of data elements in this object
including the objects down here at the
bottom that are contained each of the
values that are coming back are a name
and value pair and the values are quoted
so there's some of the other things that
you can find inside of the server are
the preferences this is the QT SS server
preference object this is also the same
information that you'll find in the XML
reference file inside of the server so
each of these values represents what's
in that file one of the nice things to
say if you were to change this any of
the values here or add new attributes
through the protocol it also updates the
file on the server itself if you have a
module and you've compiled it and added
it to the server you'll show up here in
this modules list and you can see here
we have the file some of the example
modules their mail module that Steve
showed you file module which handles the
on-demand movies reflector module that
handles broadcasts to the server and
some of the various other modules built
in so the way you would access provide a
URI perhaps for your module is to have
the protocol access your preferences and
in this case I've just said give me all
the preferences for all the all of the
modules all in one query the way this
query was executed was to have two wild
cards first wild card represents the
name of the different modules and the
last wild card asterisk here represents
all the attributes at that object okay
so for this next
example I'm gonna bring up QuickTime
Player
and we're gonna add a couple of movies
okay so this particular query is going
to go and look at the client sessions
that are currently playing I've I've
asked it to get each of the sessions
there's two of them playing right now
you can see the URL the movie duration
for the first movie and also for the
second movie there's the interesting
thing about this particular queries that
I've asked for specific fields inside of
each of the sessions so I've narrowed it
down from just a basic wildcard search
to specific these three attributes
inside of the sessions now one of the
features that you'll find inside our web
admin is the ability to turn it on off
access to the port and way we do that is
we have a list of ports and I have two
right now that the server is listening
on so what that means is I can bring up
one of these movies and if I ask for a
port that doesn't exist it will fail the
connection but one of the nice things
about the protocols that allows you to
control the behavior of the server so in
this case I'm going to tell it to add
the port value 8080 we got it back a
status to zero
you can see that it's been added
and now we're playing so we just changed
behavior of the server
so this last query that I have for years
pretty much starts out at this server
level as we started but I'm adding all
of the parameters that are currently
defined inside the protocol so the R is
a recursive search verbose means give me
the full path for each of the attributes
T is the type give me the type of every
attribute a is for access privileges and
the last one D is any debug information
that you might have it's asking the
Dakota admin module return that in the
protocol so here's an example of all of
the information that you can actually
pull out of the server from an HTTP
application so it starts out here at the
server keeps on going through the
modules and keeps on running and running
and all of these are you can see that we
have different the values the data types
access privileges
this one's read right
and here we have a list of error
messages that the server will be sending
back at various times and finally we
have our arrow status which is zero and
a verbose message of okay and that's
that's our demo thanks John so pretty
obvious that that protocol is really
powerful we're hoping to see people
write a lot of tools around it we
obviously use it for the web-based admin
and my sling is going to show you a
little bit about the web-based admin in
ways you can extend that mightily Deveny
you've heard all about the Qt SS API in
the admin protocol so now I'll talk
about how you can use this knowledge and
a little more to be able to customize
the web admin the web admin is one of
the new features in QT s3o as you would
have probably gathered if you were in
the earlier session and I'll talk a
little bit about what it is and how it
works
also I'll give you an example of the
special tags that we're using the admin
and ended with the demo the web-based
admin is a simple web server written in
Poland has some CGI scripts and server
side includes it is intelligent pearl
and the CGI's handle all the HTTP
response headers the other thing that's
different from a regular web server is
that the authentication is provided by Q
TSS so the web the web admin server just
acts as a pipe between the browser and
QT SS and it does not do any
authentication of its own of course it
does SSL encryption and that's part of
what the web admin server itself it's
based on the admin protocol and that's
how it talks to QT SS using the admin
protocol now why would you want to
customize the web admin that's probably
the question that you're asking your
now if you want to be able to configure
or modify advanced server preferences or
add advanced monitoring capabilities to
the server then you'd want to extend the
web admin in otherwise if you're a
module developer and you've always
wanted to have an easy way to configure
and monitor your module then extending
the web admin is a way to go you'll find
that it's a very you can have a very
easy-to-use interface now how does the
web-based admin work what happens when
you actually get an HTTP request it's
very similar to a regular web server
because when a request comes in it looks
for the file and it's in this case it's
a CGI so it executes the CGI the CGI
looks for the template HTML file which
is the hoos file with filename is passed
in as the argument to it now the
template HTML file has a bunch of
special tags which are kind of like
server side includes and they tell the
server admin server what to do with the
tags that is whether to go fetch data
from QT SS and process them and displays
display them in the format that you want
them to be displayed so wild cards on
the template when the CGI find such tags
it will send a request to the qts server
using the admin protocol
well it'll actually talk to the QT SS
admin module because the admin module is
the one that implements the admin
protocol it gets a response back and the
response is used in the form that you
probably have seen when John demo his
the admin protocol the admin protocol
response is parsed and the values
extracted and processed based on the
information in the special tags and
once the tags are parsed the attacks are
removed and the data the processed data
is put into the HTML and the last step
is to append the CGI headers and then
send the HTML to the browser so it's
very simple very similar to a web server
the only difference is that there's an
interaction between the admin server and
QT SS now I've mentioned these special
tags all the time so you're probably
wondering what these look like and what
they are because this is what you need
to know if you have to use extend or
extend the web admin server so one
example of the tags is echo data and
echo data basically tells the server the
admin server to fetch some data which is
actually the value associated with the
attribute the parameter and process it
strip out everything else and just get
the value and replace the tag with the
fetched value so if a tag such as this
is found in the HTML template the admin
server translates is to an admin
protocol request which is again a simple
HTTP GET as you can see all it did was
append modules admin to the actual
parameter that was in the template HTML
and once it gets the response back it
parses the value and replaces the tag in
the template HTML with this value so
it's very similar for the other tags
there might be more process information
like formatted into radio button or
things like that or take an array and
display it as a table there's a lot of
things that you can do with these tags
now to illustrate this the use of the
special tags I'll well do a short demo
and you'll find that the admin server
handles all you know can talk to QT SS
and it handles all the other details
like authentication encryption things
like that for you already so it's only a
matter of using writing simple HTML to
extend the web admin ok
now earlier you got a glimpse of how
cool the web-based admin is but I find
that that wasn't enough for me so I
decided to actually have my own page
that only shows some of the server
statistics and it refreshes them every
five seconds I don't want to see all
this that you're seeing right now I only
want to see certain data so I started
off by writing a simple HTML and I'm
going to show that to you using Apple's
HTML editor
as you can see the static HTML shows up
as you know the form elements are all
formatted and the only thing that's
interesting here for us is that special
tags they look very strange but those
are the ones that actually do all the
job for you and the example that I gave
you eco data is up there and then there
are other tags they'll get value and
form and float and things like that and
these are the ones that you'll find very
useful when you're extending the web
admin and if you see there's nothing
other than just these tags and these
tags are doing all the work where
they're talking to the admin protocol
you know authentication is taken care of
you don't have to do anything yourself
ok and I also wanted to add have a way
to get to my page from the current web
admin so I modified the navigation page
the current navigation page to include a
link to my page someone dragged this in
to the admin HTML folder and my snapshot
page and let me go to the web admin and
see if it shows up
there you go there is a link to my
snapshot and there it is so here is my
custom snapshot page it has only certain
data that I care about which gets
refreshed every 5 seconds let's see if
we can connect a couple of clients to it
and see if it gets refreshed and you
have the right output
as you can see the cpu load and the
current RDP connections all the data is
being refreshed every five seconds and
it's only data that I care about which I
can very easily get to and all that is
authenticated I don't have to write
anything else no other scripts or any
code to get this information
okay so it's very easy to customize the
web admin and all you need to know is
how to write some HTML which pretty much
everybody knows so well hopefully
everybody knows that it's very easy to
get started if you don't and well the
cool thing is that we've done everything
for you so that you don't have to go and
redo all the work well thank you
[Applause]
thanks mightily so obviously you guys
can see how powerful that is and how
simple it is once you understand the
tags so let me talk about some
development opportunities some during
the prior session you've already heard
these but there are a lot of ways to
modify or enhance the server the first
one is since learned open source project
obviously you can modify the source code
directly that's great if you really need
to do you typically don't need to do
that unless you're going to be doing
some really bizarre things or maybe
fixing a bug those types of changes fall
under apples Apple public source license
which means that if you make changes to
the to the flourish code directly you
need to provide those changes back to
Apple and the reason for that is that we
can provide let those let those changes
out to the rest of the world mmm
as Steve showed you can write a module
modules they're relatively simple to
write depending upon what you're doing
but at the same time you can also write
really complex modules to that do some
pretty amazing things you can extend the
UI using simple HTML possibly a little
perl script that does some additional
parsing if you've got some complicated
UI element you need to deal with or you
can write a monitoring tool using the
protocol that John showed which is
basically just straight HTTP which HTTP
that allows you to get to every
attribute in the server basically and
you can also implement our caching
protocol and this is not something we
showed today but the caching protocol is
basically an extension that we've
offered up to the IETF to RTSP and RTP
for providing additional information to
caching streaming servers for giving
them additional metadata so that they
can make sure that the stream from the
caching proxy to the client is actually
as good as the stream from a server
directly to a client so we encourage you
guys to take advantage of all of these
like when you can or where you can for
more information on all of this stuff
the probably the best place to go is
make sure you're subscribed to our
developer mailing list and you can go to
lift a palom just searched for the word
stream and you'll find a developer's
list and a user's list as well and these
lists were actually really good the
content tends to be very focused the the
traffic is actually not so high that
it's annoying between
five and twenty messages a day and all
of the engineers and and part of
marketing are actually on this list and
we respond to questions or requests on
the list and it's a great way to just
get a hold of us directly to if you have
any questions or need some help with
anything the open-source projects
including the Darwin streaming server
are all available at WWF in Florida
Apple comm so you can go get the source
code there get all the documentation for
these for everything as well as sign up
to be a Darwin developer and for any
kind of non server QuickTime related
things such as how to hint movies out of
author movies QuickTime api's for
broadcasting things like that you can go
to the developer site for QuickTime at
developer.apple.com slash QuickTime and
the one thing I'd like to ask you guys
is if you guys plan to do plan to do
anything around around any of the ways
to extend the server let us know let us
know on the mailing list and we actually
are really excited to help people do
think get things done we want to make
sure that you get it done right we want
want to make sure it's kind of painless
for you to because we want to see some
really cool things out there today's
Thursday so we've only got a couple of
things left in relation to QuickTime
there's a feedback forum at 3:30 in room
j1 and that's a feedback form for
QuickTime in general so it'll be both
client-side feedback and server-side
feedback will have both server and
client people there and there's also a
beer buffs tonight at Apple and we will
have server engineers at the beer best
as well their way that better to
organized we're kind of broken into
different areas so check out either the
server group and/or the QuickTime area
you